Page. 86     People should try out several different occupations before committing to a long-term job. Agree or disagree? 
Some people might say that committing to one job right after graduation helps one get a head start. However, in my opinion, being exposed to different environment is necessary for one's experience and broader human network.    
To begin with, in the process of trying out various jobs, people find out there are many different kinds of career paths in this world. Trying them out can all be precious experiences in life. Experience is one of the most essential factors to succeed in this world. Imagine people only have textbook knowledge during their career life. Their views will be so narrow when dealing with trouble. By attaining a myriad of experience, people can not only gain diverse experience but also broaden their horizon of the world as well. For instance, I will give an example of myself. When I was a university school student, I had a stereotype about jobs that require service. However, with the advice of my friend, I decided to do a three-month internship in the service division of a company. It was really hard at first but once I got used to it, I seemed to be really good at it. I even found myself enjoying the work because it fitted perfectly with my personality. Had it not been for this experience, I would not have been able to realize that I was fit for this job. 
On top of that, it is possible to meet a wide range of people while trying various work. There is no better way to meet new people in a group than being involved in it. Like there is a saying, "Money cannot buy people." To be specific, the meaning of success has changed completely compared to the past. In the past, it was merely focusing on one's own way and excelling others, now it is different. You cannot be good on your own. Along with your ability, it is sometimes necessary to have people who can support you and help you out at hard times. In this sense, being exposed to various circumstances can be helpful. For example, I will talk about my brother's case. A month ago, my brother had a crisis with his work and he could not do anything about it since there were some parts of the business process he did not know about. This was a serious issue for him and he had to solve the problem immediately. Fortunately, he remembered the managers he had worked with when he was an intern in one company a few years ago. He asked them for help and they immediately gave him advice and within a few days the problem was solved. 
To sum up, trying different jobs when at a young age can be a valuable opportunity to gain a wide array of experience and also meet different kinds of people. In this regard, participating in many kinds of jobs would be a better choice. 