The government plans to implement one of the following three policies in your town. Which do you think is most needed? 
Some people might say that building a library or making a park is an ideal way to make a better town. However, in my opinion, there is nothing more urgent than increasing public transportation. There are two reasons. First, public transportation plays a big role in reducing air pollution. Second, it also leads to a better quality of life since many people suffer from long commutes. 
To begin with, air pollution is one of the most serious causes of environmental contamination. People continue to overlook this problem but the consequences can be worse than people think. To explain, the environment should never come second place. Once the environment is destroyed, it cannot be recovered. If we think about the next generation to come, we must do everything we can to protect the environment and one way is to increase the number of buses and subways so that fewer people drive their own cars. This will surely reduce harmful gas emissions. For example, I will give my country Korea as an example. In the year 2012, a new public transit policy increasing the number of subways and buses was enacted. In some areas, it was increased by up to 30%. After a year, I read in the newspaper that the percentage of people who prefer to take public transportation has increased up to 15% which was a big change. This also dropped the air contamination level of the central city, Seoul.  
On top of that, this can improve people's life quality. The most frequently mentioned stress factor of people over the age of 20 is commuting to school or work. It takes away a lot of time and also, it makes people exhausted. If this problem is solved, a big portion of their worries would be gone. For instance, I will give an example of myself. My life dramatically changed after the government increased the number of buses.  Before the change, I used to wait for almost an hour to get on the bus for school everyday. This stressed me out and this happened to affect my entire day. Now that there are more buses I do not even feel the need to wake up so early in the morning. I am sure this is not only good news for me.
To sum up, making improvements in the public transportation system is more important than anything when it comes to saving people from their exhausting commutes and protecting our environment.
