It is better to solve problems based on one's experience and knowledge rather than get advice from older people.   
Some people are inclined to solve their problems based on their own experience. However, in my opinion, I believe that asking older people for help is better considering the fact that one can use their diverse background knowledge to save time, and there are limitations to the amount of knowledge one has. 
To begin with, as far as time is concerned, it is always more efficient to get help from others. If one wastes time finding a solution for a simple problem, would time wait for this person? The answer would be no. Since time is gold in the world we live in, people must try their best to make use of the time given. In this sense, attaining information from others to find solutions can be the fastest way. I will give an example of myself. A few months ago, I had to find a place to live in since my workplace was too far from my home. After looking at several houses, I found just the right one for me but I could not decide quickly. Older people around me had asked me if I needed advice, but I never felt comfortable listening to other people, so I decided to think about it carefully on my own. After spending days thinking, I decided to take the house. However, when I went back, the house was already taken by someone else. 
On top of that, a person doesn¡¯t always know everything. Everybody has their own special field or interest that they know well about. However, in terms of problem-solving, you must listen to other people for a better solution. You cannot depend solely on your own knowledge and experience because at some point, you will need help from older people who have much more experience than you do.  For instance, there was a survey conducted the Board of education, with 200 high school students as respondents. The purpose of the survey was to understand their thoughts about getting help from others when in trouble. A majority of respondents replied that it is much more convenient than solving problems alone. An overwhelming 85% responded that they admit that there are limits to what they know and they also added that listening to the advice of the experienced, especially the older, is the wisest way to approach a problem. 
To sum up, when it comes to saving time, getting help from older people should not be an option. Moreover, there are limitations when solving problems based on one¡¯s own experience and knowledge. In this regard, people should not be reluctant to get help from people older rather than depending on themselves.