It is acceptable for the government to neglect environmental concerns to promote economic growth. 
Some people might believe that there is nothing more important than economic growth when it comes to the development of a country. However, I believe that environmental issues should be a priority because neglecting them might lead to a big loss for the country. There are two reasons. First, there is concern about endangered species which must be protected for the country¡¯s sake. Also, environmental problems are directly related to the quality of people¡¯s lives.  
To begin with, if the environment is destructed, the government cannot protect the endangered species which are designated as state-designated cultural properties. It is the country¡¯s responsibility to keep them safe for the next generation to come. Not only animals, but plants as well.  For example, one incident in my country can prove my point. In the year 2008,  there was a major project called ¡°the four-river refurbishment project¡±. This project was intended to activate trade and boost the country¡¯s economy. However, this project turned out to be a big failure and as a consequence of the destruction of natural habitat, many of the designated species of ducks died off. This is a tragedy for the country and for the next generation also.  
On top of that, the environment should be protected for people¡¯s satisfaction with their life. Even if a country advances economically and grow at rates that are unprecedented, the citizens living there can be dissatisfied and decide to leave. In order to make a ¡®happy¡¯ country, there should always be some kind of balance. For instance, a study conducted by a group of environmental science majors in Korea university is a good example of this. The students tracked the environmental changes in a small city in China over a 6-year period in order to find out the changes resulting from economic development of small cities. What they found was intriguing. As the city made improvement and grew in size, the residents in the area suffered from air pollution and water pollution coming from unlimited constructions of factories and buildings. This case proves that this problem can be a vicious cycle.   
To sum up, for a country, protecting the natural monument animal is as important as economic development. Also, concerns of people¡¯s lives should come first before any kind of development. In this regard, environment should never come second place.    