Some would prefer to start working on a presentation as soon as it is assigned. Other people would rather wait until they have the perfect idea for it. Which do you prefer?
Some people might say that it is not a wise approach to start working on a presentation before finding a perfect idea. However, I believe starting on a presentation as quickly as possible, even if the idea may not be the perfect one, has more advantages. There are two reasons. First, presentations require a wide array of skills. Second, when you have more time preparing for something, you can be more creative and put more thought into it.   
To begin with, when you prepare a presentation, unlike other assignments, you have to be ready for all kinds of situations. Not only is it difficult to give a speech in front of a large audience, you must also be ready to get unexpected questions from those who have listened. In order to make all these sequences perfect, you need to practice a lot and this indeed requires a significant amount of time and effort. For example, last semester I had to give a special presentation in front of my colleagues. I had 2 weeks to carefully think about the presentation but I started working on it as soon as I could. I tried not to miss a thing and even practiced in front of my close friends and family members. They pointed out my weakness, like eye contact and even gesture. Thanks to their help I could give my best shot.   
On top of that, the more time you have, the more ideas you can come up with. To be specific, when people are usually in a hurry, this feeling of anxiety can be a hindrance to creativity. When people are given more time, they can consider even the smallest things. For instance, a study was conducted by a group of education majors to determine whether time could affect one¡¯s performance. There were two groups monitored. The first group was formed of students who prepared for their presentations two weeks in advance and the other group had only 3 days to prepare it. After seeing both presentations, the researchers concluded that the one given by the former group was much more interesting and eye-catching. In the following interview, the students said the reason was that they had enough time to think over and over again about the content and could come up with great ideas without feeling any time pressure. 
To sum up, presentations cannot be made easily and how much time you have determines the quality of the work. In this regard, I firmly believe that waiting until you come up with a perfect idea is not the greatest way to prepare for a presentation. 