Do you agree or disagree? It is not important for families today to have meals together. 
Some people say that families do not necessarily have to eat meals together since everybody is so busy these days, it is hard to even arrange time. However, I believe that there are several advantages of having meals together. First, family members can create strong bonds. Second, by having meals together, family members get to learn the importance of teamwork.  
To begin with, a strong family tie can be created when family members eat together. To be specific, people usually have a lot of conversation at meal times. Also, when you eat something delicious, it has been scientifically proven that happy hormones, so-called serotonins, are produced. There is great meaning that you enjoy this moment with your family members since the happiness you feel will be greater.  For example, a study conducted by a group of psychology majors in Korea university is a good example of this. The researchers tracked the lifestyles of 200 university students over a 2-year period in order to find out the correlation between time spent with family and the connection between family members. What they found was intriguing. Those who almost always had meals together at home tended to be closer to each member of the family. This was because during meal times, they always talked to their parents about their worries and got advice from them before anybody else. 
On top of that, it is possible for family members to learn cooperation while preparing the meal and after finishing the meal. To explain, everyone knows that preparing a meal requires a lot of procedure like cutting the ingredients, setting up the table and washing the dishes after finishing the meal. When parents do their tasks with responsibility, they can set a good example for their children. For instance, last weekend I had a family dinner with my parents and my two sisters. My father was in charge of setting up the table and my mother took care of the menu. My sister and I were told to do the dishes after eating and clean up the kitchen. Although the work was not easy, we all were thankful for each other¡¯s efforts. I believe this feeling of teamwork can only be learnt through actual experience, not by books. 
To sum up, family members can build strong relationship with each other. Also, they can learn the importance of team work during the process of preparing meals. In this regard, I firmly believe that eating meals together has a great effect on family relationship.