Newspapers & news programs are often biased.   ?  AGREE
Some people think that news media always tells information fairly. However, in my opinion, news media have the tendency to stand on a certain side. This is mainly due to the characteristic of conglomerates and the possibility of incorrect information. 
To begin with, newspaper companies and news broadcast companies are fundamentally owned by ¡®people¡¯. The goal of all businesses is to make profits. To make money, news media should be supported by capital, earned through commercial advertisements. If a newspaper reveals corporations¡¯ dark sides, none of them would want to support it. Also, the CEOs or owners of media would want his/her company to follow his/her idea. Thus, the company is more likely to go along with the owner¡¯s opinion and the preferred news. For example, in Korea, there was a huge scandal about one politician and a CEO of a broadcast company. The two men had close relationship, so they owed their favor to each other. It turned out that the politician enacted a law that regulates the CEO¡¯s rival company, in return for favorable news to the politician¡¯s party. This scandal shows that the traits of media as a company can cause news to be one-sided. 
On top of that, the news media can have wrong information, so they are not able to deliver news impartially. Nowadays, technologies make people meet news anytime, even immediately after the occurrence of an event. This change puts pressure on newspaper companies and programs to send out news as soon as they can. However, it leads to biased information. To illustrate, there is an interesting statistic that shows how many misreports are made in a year. According to the statistic conducted by the Association of Korea Press, five reports of daily news, in average, are modified after having been delivered. The most common reason for their misreport is because the reporters or producers did not check the fact thoroughly. Also, they showed that in the case of criminal news mistakes, 63% of them was caused by biased news broadcasts which were not viewed in the victim¡¯s standing point.  
To sum up, newspapers and new programs sometimes deliver the news unfairly because they are controlled by the owner. Also, because they are distorted in the process of quick delivery. Therefore, I firmly believe that the news media are often biased.  