We should be aware of events occurring in other countries regardless of whether they directly impact our lives. 
Some might say that it is meaningless to know about events happening around the world, especially if they do not affect one¡¯s life. However, I believe that it is crucial to have interest in global events. There are two reasons.  First, by looking at one event from another country, people can avoid any similar mishap. Second, knowing about them can allow one to broaden his or her range of knowledge. 
To begin with, it is possible to evade any possible losses if you are aware of what is going around in the world. Since we are living in a world of globalization, it is obvious that one event from a country can affect another country, or even the rest of the world. These events include environmental issues and also monetary issues like universal stocks and funds. For example, there was a survey conducted by a group of business majors, with 200 CEO¡¯s as respondents.  The purpose of the survey was to understand their thoughts about knowing global news. A majority of respondents replied that it is totally necessary. An overwhelming 85% responded that it enabled them to have the eye to see the future. Thus, they could avoid big losses concerning money while running their business. This survey proves that people have a positive view about being aware of global issues.   
On top of that, you can expand your background knowledge naturally. To be specific, in the current world, people are required to have a wide variety of knowledge rather than deep knowledge of one specific field. A person with diverse knowledge is regarded as ¡®a person of intellect¡¯, while others who lack knowledge are simply ignored. This is why taking interest in global issues cannot be overlooked. For instance, I will talk about myself and my sister to elucidate my point. In the case of myself, I am usually interested in reading books related to my major which is biology, and do not pay attention to anything happening around the world. Unlike me, my sister tends to watch the international news like CNN, almost every day. When there are situations like important interviews, my sister always leaves a good impression. However, I end up giving inappropriate answers and failing the last test. 
To sum up, being aware of global events can help one prepare for the future and it is a great way to expand the scope of your knowledge. In this regard, I believe that being aware of what is happening around the world can benefit people in many ways.