Page 89. The elderly need exercise more than young people do.  Do you agree or disagree?
Some people might say that exercising is more pivotal for young people since it has great impact on their physical growth. However, in my opinion, working out should be a priority for the old for two reasons. First, the elderly becomes physically weak as time goes by. Second, the young have active lifestyles compared to the elderly so they do not necessarily have to make time to exercise.  
To begin with, the elderly become fragile with the flow of time and by exercising, they can strengthen their body. To be specific, not only the immune system but overall functions of the body get weaker like their bones and muscles. The only way to get over these problems is to invest more time in exercising. For example, I will talk about my grandfather and his friend to elucidate my point. In the case of my grandfather, he works out every morning and is always very interested in the things he could do to make him feel healthier and younger. Unlike my granddad, his friend never exercises. He always says he hates sweating and even when he goes to places very close to his house, he always takes a cab. When it was winter time, almost all of my grandfather¡¯s friends got sick so he complained that he did not have anyone to meet. However, my grandfather did not even catch a single cold. According to his doctor, thanks to his regular exercise, his body age is almost around mid-40. This is quite amazing and it shows how important it is to work out on a daily basis. 
On top of that, young people are energetic in their lives so working out does not have to be the first priority. It is undeniable that as people grow older, they feel fatigue easily and go to bed in an earlier time of day. The young on the other hand, are so vibrant, they do not feel tired even when they have several appointments in a single day. For instance, a study conducted by the ministry of health is a good example of this. The researchers tracked the lifestyles of 200 university students over a one-year period in order to find out the average number of calories students use up in a day. What they found was intriguing. Those who did not engage in any physical work-out, still burnt more calories than that of people in an older age group. The findings showed that this was not because of their high rate of basal metabolism, but because they engaged in more active activities throughout the day which had the same effect as exercising.  
To sum up, the young are healthy enough so it is hard to say they need more exercise than the elderly. Also, older people have a more sedentary lifestyle so they must intentionally make time for more exercise.  