Page. 192    People can deal with problems on their own, so government assistance isn¡¯t necessary.
Some people might say that government aid is not a prerequisite for a country since citizens can work together to solve major problems. However, I believe that the government should help people up to a certain point for two reasons. First, there are issues in life that individuals just cannot solve on their own. Second, people who suffer from financial difficulty cannot do anything without the help of the government.
To begin with, there are limitations to the problems which individuals can solve alone. To be specific, problems related to the environment cannot be solved by one¡¯s own effort. Even if the whole community fights for something, the result would be the same. If the problem costs money, the individuals would not be willing to make sacrifices for the whole. For example, I will talk about a recent happening in my town. Last summer, there was a huge problem with pests in my neighborhood. Since there were so many trees, the residents had to suffer from mosquito attacks every night and the people could not do anything to get over the problem. After several weeks of struggle, they called the district office and asked for help. The Ministry of Environment sent pest controls within a few days and the problem was solved instantaneously.
On top of that, those who desperately need the government¡¯s help are the ones who do not have enough money to make a living. To explain, there are people in every community that cannot afford to do even the basic things in life. If these problems are ignored, a country can never be an advanced one. For example, in my country Korea, there is government support for people raising children. There is difference in the amount of money given according to region and the number of children you have, but this financial support is a life-saving assistance for some people. Mothers who cannot afford to buy their babies powdered milk or diapers can be free from worries.
To sum up, there are things that are impossible to be solved by a single person. Moreover, the government should be there for the people who are in financial crisis. In this regard, I believe there cannot be a country without the government¡¯s support.