Page. 110    By paying higher salaries to professors, universities can improve the quality of education. Do you agree or disagree? 
Some people might say that in order to make teachers improve the quality of lectures, schools have to pay them more. However, I believe there should be other ways to motivate teachers instead of raising salaries. There are two reasons. First, the money can be spent for personal use. Second, spending money on school¡¯s facility is a wiser way to improve the quality of education. 
To begin with, high salaries can actually be used for a teacher¡¯s own good. To be specific, people are inclined to think of themselves first when they have money to spare. It is not reasonable to say all of the money given to teachers should be spent on the improvement of classes, nevertheless it is wrong to think more payment is the only way to improve education quality. For example, a school in my hometown was notorious for its high tuition and everyone knew that the teachers were excessively paid. Two years ago, the school decided to raise teachers¡¯ salaries to upgrade the quality of classes. However, there was no change at all since the teachers used money only for their own greed. Before the abolishment of the high-payment system, students had found out that the teachers were also engaged in extravagant social activities. This incidence proves that high salaries do not necessarily lead to improvement of classes. 
On top of that, schools should consider the enhancement of facilities if they truly care about the students. Not only universities, but also high schools and middle schools need more amenities to assist their education. To mention a few, there is the science lab and the computer lab which always exceed their capacity. Using money for education environment is no doubt a more realistic option. For instance, there was a case study comparing two high schools in a town which operated in very different ways. The first school did not put emphasis on facilities, whereas the other one had state-of-the-art science labs, computer labs and library for students. After a few years, the researchers compared the reputation of the two schools and the satisfaction rate of students attending them. They concluded that, as for the latter school, not only students were extremely content with the school¡¯s consideration for them, the rate of enrollment skyrocketed. 
To sum up, raising the tuition of teachers does not mean the money will return to the school in some way. Moreover, investing in school facilities is better for everyone in the long run. In this regard, I believe money should be used wisely when it comes to the improvement of education.  