Page 95. Technology has made our children less creative than in the past. Do you agree or disagree? 
Some people say that there are more advantages of technology advances in our lives concerning convenience and accessibility. However, when it comes to children¡¯s creativity, I believe technology can be a hindrance. There are two reasons. First, children are less exposed to books with the introduction of television and smartphones. Second, the dependency on technology obstructs children¡¯s thinking ability.  
To begin with, books have become less of a favorite hobby for children. In the past, there were not many things to do to kill time. There was a time when reading books was the main source of entertainment. Now that children are less exposed to books, their level of creativity is bound to decrease. For instance, when I was an elementary school student, I used to read a lot of books, maybe one book every two days. I loved imagining characters¡¯ appearances and especially when I read fantasy novels, I used to draw pictures in my head about the scenes and this helped me be very creative when I did other assignments at school. However, the year I went into high school, there were new gadgets everywhere like smartphones and iPads. These technological devices were fun to use and slowly, I found myself spending more time with these appliances. Come to think of it, from that period on, it was a challenge to finish reading a single book in a month. 
On top of that, the Internet seems to solve every problem that children¡¯s face in their daily life. The Internet has become a source they depend on, whether it is a problem related to academic studies or just a daily issue. This way of problem solving can be an impediment to children¡¯s thinking ability. Once they get used to finding solutions through the web, they will become less self-reliant and all their solutions would be standardized. For example, there was a survey conducted by a group of education majors, with 200 elementary school students as respondents. The purpose of the survey was to understand their thoughts about using the Internet to do school assignments, like writing book reports. A majority of respondents replied that it is convenient and fast. However, an overwhelming 85% responded that there are serious drawbacks. The more they relied on the Internet, harder it was for them to express their opinions about books they have read. They also added that even if they think of some ideas, they know there would be better ones on the web, so they give up on their thoughts and just go back to the search engine again. 
To sum up, taking less exposure to books and reliance on technology, I strongly agree with this statement. 