It is better to spend money on trips than to put it aside for the future. Do you agree or disagree?
Some people might say that going on a trip is one thing that a person must certainly do when he or she has money to spare. However, I believe that saving money for a rainy day should be a priority for anyone. First, you always have to be prepared for the future since you never know what might happen. Second, trips are just momentary.
To begin with, not everyone is provident and that is the reason why people must save up. To be specific, people can never foresee what will happen to them. Especially when financial problems occur, it will not be troublesome only for the person who have faced the problem, but also for his or her family and friends as well. For instance, I will talk about myself and my cousin to elucidate my point. In the case of myself, I am usually interested in saving money, and at some point, I have realized that preparing for unpredictable events is the golden rule of life. Unlike me, my cousin tends to use up all his earnings on traveling since it is his top priority. A couple of years ago, he underwent financial difficulty due to an unexpected car accident. My cousin had to ask his friends for money and even ask his parents for help who have already retired. 
On top of that, compared to the joy which passes by so quickly, there is a huge burden of cost. Traveling requires a significant amount of money and if traveling is a priority for someone, all other issues should be pushed aside. It would be easy to understand if you think about how much money you need to spend on a single trip. The expenditure includes transportation costs, accommodation and dining. For example, there was a survey conducted by a group of university students with 200 young employees in their 30¡¯s as respondents.  The purpose of the survey was to understand their thoughts about traveling. A majority of respondents had positive ideas about traveling however, they admitted that there is large financial burden which always follows afterwards. An overwhelming 80% responded that they use 20% of their annual salary when they plan one trip out of the country. Considering these costs, I believe the disadvantages overshadows the advantages of traveling. 
To sum up, by preparing for the future, one can avoid potential economic risks. Moreover, in a realistic perspective, traveling is just a one-time thing which costs a fortune. In this regard, I firmly believe that people should save money to save trouble.