Some people say that there are several factors to make a person successful like having a wide range of experience and gaining proficiency in various areas to excel others. However, in my opinion, one thing people should remember, so as to achieve success, is being ¡®different¡¯. There are two reasons why.  First, by being different, a person can stand out in the society. Second, it helps one be more creative and this is valued in the contemporary society. 
First, having a conspicuous trait may help you be distinguishable. If you look into society nowadays, there are so many people similar to each other. It is becoming harder to catch the eye of someone or be remembered. Everyone is pushed to fulfill the same requirements and achieve the same goals. For instance, there is a famous singer in Korea called ¡®PSY¡¯. He is actually a global star so many people would be familiar with his name. He has become a global star due to his unique feature and individuality. If he was just an ordinary singer with just a nice voice, with a good tone and an attractive face, he would be no different from any other singer in Korea. However, he could gain popularity thanks to his style, none like any other. 
On top of that, when a person tries to think different, he or she would become more creative naturally. Creativity is highly valued in the modern society and this can only be strengthened with practice. People with radical creativity can be highly sought in today¡¯s companies. Thus, trying to be different can actually lead a person to success. For example, a study was conducted by a group of business majors to determine whether creativity could affect one¡¯s employment. There were two groups monitored. The first group was formed of students whose level of creativity was below average, but had high G.P.A. The other group had students who had comparatively lower subject scores but higher points in creativity. After seeing the rate of employment after several years, the researchers found out that over 90% of the students in the latter group have found a job, whereas only 40% of the students in the former group have been employed. This study proves those with more creativity have higher chances of achieving what they want. In a way, it is more important than getting high scores in academic subjects. 
To sum up, not being similar to others can be one way to be distinguishable in today¡¯s world. Moreover, it can help one to think in diverse perspectives, which can be a stepping stone to strengthen creativeness. In this regard, I can assuredly say that being different is the real key to success. 