Page 92   The majority of business owners are driven solely by the pursuit of wealth. Do you agree or disagree?  
Some people might say that all business owners think about is making a profit. However, in my opinion, accumulating wealth is not the only concern for them. There are two reasons. First, conglomerate owners actually make a lot of contributions to society, more than people think. Also, business owners aim to disseminate their thoughts to the world through their business.                      
To begin with, many business owners donate money to charities. Since the amount of money companies make is astounding, the owners feel the need to pay people back. People, as a whole, are their customers so they help those especially in need like the elderly, the sick and the disabled. If their only purpose is to make money, they would not spend a dime on others in the community. For instance, Bill gates, who is the founder of Microsoft, is known to be the richest man in the world. According to his autobiography I read a few days ago, it is written that as a philanthropist, he contributes a significant amount of money to organizations and scientific research programs around the world. It is the same for Mark Zuckerberg, the founder of Facebook.         
On top of that, as for some company owners, making money is not their only goal. Some company owners start businesses in order to show their philosophy. This is what people call ¡°Business philosophy¡±. To be specific, some business aims might not be to accumulate wealth, but to show their ideology to the world. In this process, money can naturally follow, but we can never say that was a ¡°goal¡±.  For example, my cousin¡¯s dream was to be a shoe designer ever since he was young. After graduating college, he took many part-time jobs to save up for his product launch. After a few years, he had set up his own brand and his company philosophy was to sell one pair of shoes, to send one to a child living in the third country. He is not concerned about how much money he makes, but he is happy to run his business and at the same time show the world what he thinks is important. 
To sum up, it is a negative stereotype to think that business owners only work for money considering two facts. First, there are many who financially support the people in need with the money they make. Also, running a business for them is just one way to show their ideas to the world. 