Sample Essay 2 Question ? Do you agree or disagree with the statement? The extended family is not as important now as before. Use specific reasons and examples to support your answer.
Some people think that the large family is still very important. However, in my opinion, the relationship with extended family members, such as grandparents and cousins, have become less important. The reasons are that extended relatives rarely live together and more people are moving away from their hometowns to study or work.
To begin with, extended family members rarely live in the same household these days. Therefore, they spend much less time together, which means that they are significantly less engaged in each other¡¯s lives. For example, when my mother was a child, she lived in a large house with many members of her extended family. As my mother grew up with her cousins, she was very close with them. Even today she still maintains regular contact with her cousins and is very involved in every part of their lives. In contrast, I only meet my cousins once or twice a year at family gatherings, so I do not have close relationships with them. Because we grew up in different houses and have not spent much time together, we will never be an important part of each other¡¯s lives. 
On top of that, many people permanently leave their hometowns these days to seek education or career opportunities. This means that people today often live in different cities or countries than their families. Thus they have less chances to interact with their extended families. According to a poll conducted by the Chinese government, 20 percent of Chinese college students expressed their wish to emigrate after graduation. The students indicated that they wanted to continue their studies abroad and gain employment overseas, even though it meant that they would almost never see their families. China is a country where kinship and extended families have always been very important, so this trend is very remarkable.
To sum up, extended family members do not usually share a home, and people are indefinitely relocating to areas away from where they grew up. In this regard, I feel that the extended family is not central to people¡¯s lives today.