Question - - Do you agree or disagree with the statement? Universities should spend as much money on sports as they do on libraries. Use specific reasons and examples to support your answer.
Some people think that universities should spend more on libraries than on sports. They probably feel that academics and research are more important than athletics. However, in my opinion, sports program and libraries should get the same financial aid. This is because sports are beneficial for the body and stimulate social interaction among students.
To begin with, sports activities play an important role in promoting students¡¯ physical health. That is, students can get many health benefits from participating in sports activities. This is very important in today¡¯s society because more and more people are unhealthy due to their sedentary lifestyle.
For example, my cousin used to sit in front of the computer all day and never did any physical activity. Inevitably, he gained a lot of weight and began to develop health problems in consequence of his inactive lifestyle. However, he decided to join the tennis club on campus and began playing three times a week. Shortly, he lost most of the weight he had gained, and he felt much better. If the university had not invested in tennis facilities, then the club would not have been there for my cousin to use.
On top of that, sports activities encourage students to interact with one another. This is because group sports, such as soccer, football, and basketball, require a collaborative effort and cooperation. So when students participate in university sports clubs, they have to practice together regularly, and many club members play together after practice. For instance, I was part of the soccer club in my university. When I joined as a freshman, I immediately had a new group of friends. This was very beneficial to me because I attended a university that was not in my hometown and did not know many people. But with my fellow soccer club members, I had my own little family away from home. We got together on the weekends for training and worked together to achieve the same goals. As a result, we all became very close.
To sum up, athletics make people healthier and create opportunities for social interaction among students. In this regard, I think that universities should provide as much funding for students¡¯ sports activities as they do for their libraries.