Question ? Do you agree or disagree with the statement? Children should play sports for fun rather than for competition. Use specific reasons and examples to support your answer.
Some people think that children should play sports just for fun. However, in my opinion, sports are a good way for children to learn the value of competition. Sports inspire kids to do their best and help them to develop life skills for success.
To begin with, competitive sports teach kids that it is always important to do their best. In fact, the only way to become good at something is to try hard, even when you do not feel like it. And when you achieve good results, it gives you achievement. For example, I played soccer when I was a child, and our coach always pushed us to give our 100%. Of course sometimes it was difficult, but I always gave my best effort. Then one year our team won the city soccer game. Everyone on the team was extremely excited. And actually, I won the MVP award of the whole tournament. It made me feel good, and it proved to me that my hard work had paid off.
One top of that, children who participate in competitive sports acquire abilities that can help them succeed in life. According to the National Collegiate Athletic Association, people who are good at sports are more likely to become leader or special members at school or work, and this helps them to be more successful in life. In fact, It is not a coincidence that there are numerous words that are common in sports and the real world. After all, the head of a baseball team is called the manager just like in business. And when people get along with others, we frequently say that they are team players. The ability to lead or operate effectively in a team environment is essential for success in almost every career, so it is obvious that the same features which make a person good at sport can make them succeed in the real world.
To sum up, competitive sports direct children to aspire to do as well as they can, they improve talents that can lead to success. In this regard, I feel that it is better for children to play sports to compete rather than just for pleasure.