Question ? Do you agree or disagree with the statement? The most effective way for a country to progress is to improve its schools. Use specific reasons and examples to support your answer.
Some people think that making schools better is not an effective way to improve a country. However, in my opinion, there is no better way to promote a country than to improve education through the enhancement of schools. This is because good schools produce citizens who can better contribute to their community and continue a healthier economy.
To begin with, investing in the school system results in citizens who are able to making important contribution to society. Students who get a better education are more likely to learn about how government and society works. This allows them to play a greater role in society. For example, a school in my hometown are notorious for the poor performance of its students, so the government invested in the school to improve its facilities and train its teachers. Before the intervention, many students failed to even graduate. But after the school¡¯s funding was increased, a greater number of its students completed their studies and went on to become teachers, social workers, lawyers, and politicians. The education they received while attending school provided them with the knowledge and confidence to participate in society with meaningful way.
On top of that, improving schools continue a stronger economy. In the modern world, the economic success of a country is be related to education than ever before. With less emphasis on agriculture, modern economies are very dependable to industrial and information technologies. And the development of these requires significant attention to education. Thus, it is no coincidence that the most successful economies also have some of the world¡¯s best education systems. According to a report recently published by UNESCO, the investments made in education by Asia countries, such as China, South Korea, and Japan are creditable. The economies of these countries have rapid growth that are unprecedented, and this rapid growth is a direct result of their emphasis on improving schools and preparing students to succeed in a competitive world environment. 
To sum up, the improvement of schools results in citizens who contribute to society and brings about a more vigorous economy. In this regard, I strongly support the idea that upgrading schools is the most important thing when it comes to the progress of a nation.