Question - - Do you agree or disagree with the statement? The news media is a reliable source of unbiased information. Use specific reasons and examples to support your answer.
Some people think that news programs and newspapers are unbiased and accurate. However, in my opinion, even the most trusted new media sources are often biased and untrustworthy. This is due to every media company striving to get each one¡¯s benefit and trying to make stories more dramatic than they actually are in order to gain viewer¡¯s interest.
To begin with, the news media is unbelievable because it strives for its own advantage. The major companies own media companies and are interested in portraying reality and current affairs in a way that is favorable to their own interests. This is especially true when a country or certain political party that the media supports is involved in a story. For example, the broadcasts of the Iraq War demonstrated this biased trend. When the war broke out, a majority of the media in the United States portrayed the war as a way to attain world peace. In contrast, countries which were against the United States mainly showed broadcasts of the violent scenes that depicted the United States as a merciless intruder. The difference in news coverage of the war plainly highlights how partial and biased news companies can be.
On top of that, news programs and newspapers attempt to make stories look more colorful and dramatic than they actually are. This is primarily owing to news companies wanting more viewers or readers so that they can maximize their profit. For instance, one broadcasting station in Korea had to apologize to viewers for its report on kimchi. It had reported that many companies produced kimchi in very filthy and unhealthful environments. The truth was that only a small number of businesses produced kimchi in unclean surroundings, but the broadcasting station deliberately exaggerated this incident. Because of this false report, customers stopped buying kimchi for a while, and many kimchi businesses had to close down. As this case reveals, the news media often magnifies stories and provides distorted information, sometimes with disastrous result.
To sum up, the news media seeks its own benefit and trends to overdramatize stories to get people¡¯s attention. In this regard, I firmly believe that the news media is an unreliable source of information.