Question ? Do you agree or disagree with the statement? A teacher¡¯s earnings should be based on his or her students¡¯ performance. Use specific reasons and example to support your answer. 
Some people think that teachers should be paid followed by their students¡¯ performance. However, in my opinion, that system is unfair because it does not consider the different courses taught by teachers, and it creates a feeling of competitiveness and doubt among teachers.
To begin with, paying teachers based on student performance is not fair because teachers do not teach same subjects. Some courses are much harder than others, so it will be more difficult for those teachers to improve student performance. For example, in my geometry class, many of the students could not catch up because geometry is a very difficult subject. Some of them found the material too abstract and analytical. But everyone liked the teacher, and she was always enthusiastic about sharing her knowledge. So I think it would be unfair if she were penalized with lower pay than other teachers just because she was teaching a difficult course.
On top of that, establishing a salary system that is based on how students perform fosters an atmosphere of competition and distrust among teachers. In such a system, teachers would work for their own benefit rather than cooperate with each other. This would be a distraction from their overall goal, which includes working together to improve the school system entirely. According to a study of one school system by the National Education Association, compensating educators based on student performance led to disharmony among teachers. Teachers who had more qualifications and experience became angry when new teachers got larger pay raises because their students happened to be doing well. 
To sum up, paying teachers based on the performance of their students is unfair because not all teachers teach the same subjects, and this type of pay system results in an environment of antagonism and wariness among educators. In this regard, I maintain that students¡¯ performance should not be the standard of how much teachers are compensated.