Question ? Do you agree or disagree with the statement? It is more important for teachers to connect with students than to be experts in their fields. Use specific reasons and examples to support your answer.
Some people think that a teacher¡¯s ability to connect with students is essential. However, in my opinion, the most significant consideration related to teachers is whether they have an expertise of the subject they teach. The reason are that the main duty of a teacher is to provide students with an education, and teachers who do not have sufficient knowledge are not viewed as an authoritative person by their students. 
To begin with, the main role of a teacher is to educate students. Teachers who know a lot about a subject are able to arm their students with knowledge, which means that they affect their students¡¯ future success. For example, the teacher who influenced me the most was my math teacher in high school. Even though I did not have many opportunities to build a personal relationship with him, I learned more in his class than I did in any other. Because he knew so much about the subject, he was able to teach the course material effectively and also provide students with information that was not included in the textbook. For this reason, I realized I had a talent for math and decided to pursue a career in engineering.  
On top of that, teachers who lack knowledge do not have authority in their classrooms. If a teacher¡¯s understanding of the subject is limited, the students in the class will question his or her ability and will not express respect. For instance, my sixth grade teacher could not answer the students¡¯ question well and often made mistakes when explaining difficult concepts. The students often laughed at him for this and refused to follow his instructions. If he had demonstrated that he had a lot of knowledge, we would have been much more respectful towards him.
To sum up, the main role of a teacher is to provide information to students, and teachers need to show that they fully comprehend the subject being taught to maintain control of the classroom. In this regard, I believe that having a vast knowledge is more important for teacher than being able to interact well with students.