Sample Essay 2-2 Question ? Do you agree or disagree with the statement? In order to encourage children to study harder, parents should avoid letting them watch television. Use specific reasons and examples to support your answer.
Some people think that parents should not let their children watch television so that they can focus on studying. However, in my opinion, allowing children to watch television benefits their studies since it helps their minds to refresh and some television programs include educational contents. 
To begin with, watching television is a good way for children to refresh their minds. After spending a long day at school and doing homework, kids need to have a break. Watching television is an effective way for relieving stress from studying, and as such, it will provide children with fresh minds that will help them do better at school. For example, when I was a high school student, my parents let me watch an hour of television in the evenings. After watching television, I felt refreshed and was able to focus on my homework and studies better. I still think that this is the reason why I consistently got good grades in school. 
On top of that, some television programs are educational. Therefore, children can actually acquire a lot of information and knowledge by watching these programs, and this will have a positive impact on their academic development. A study conducted by the University of Texas is a good example of this. The researchers tracked the television viewing habits of 200 children over a three-year period. What they found was that children who watched education programs for a few hours each week got better grades than those who did not. The reason is that they can expand their knowledge in a range of subjects and develop academic skills that were directly applicable to their schoolwork.
To sum up, watching television allows children to think with a fresh mind, and some television programs have educational values. In this regard, I hold that parents should not prevent their children watching television for promoting their studies.