Sample Essay 4 Question ? Do you agree or disagree with the statement? It is better for young people to select a job in the same field as their parents than to choose a different career for themselves. Use specific reasons and examples to support your answer.
Some people think that it is better for young people to choose a different type of job than their parents did. However, in my opinion, young people have more advantages if they work in the same field as their parents since they can get helpful advice from their parents and they can utilize their parents¡¯ professional contacts. 
To begin with, young workers can receive useful advice from their parents when they share the same career. Parents have gained a lot of knowledge about their jobs due to extensive work experiences, and thus they can provide useful directions. For example, my friend became an elementary school teacher like her parents. When she began teaching, things were really difficult to handle at first. She had a hard time managing her students¡¯ behavior, and she was not sure of the best way to solve the problems. However, her parents were able to give her a lot of useful advice on how to manage her students. They suggested that she set clear rules and enforce them continuously and she practiced her parents¡¯ advice right away. Consequently, her students¡¯ behavior improved dramatically.
On top of that, young people can make use of their parents¡¯ professional connections when they work in the same field. Especially, young workers can utilize their parents¡¯ work relationships to create useful business partnerships. Take the example of Bill Gates, who chose a career in business like his mother. His first noticeable achievement was when IBM hired his company, Microsoft, to develop software for IBM¡¯s computers. This happened because Bill Gates¡¯ mother was directly connected with one of IBM¡¯s directors. 
To sum up, young people who pursue the same career that their parents did can get invaluable guidance from their parents and get benefits from their parents¡¯ work-related contracts. In this regard, I argue that it is desirable for young people to follow in their parents¡¯ career footsteps rather than select a different occupation for themselves.