Sample Essay 5 - 1 Question ? Do you agree or disagree with the statement? Providing students with grades promotes learning. Use specific reasons and examples to support your answer.
Some people think that grades are an interruption to optimal student performance. However, in my opinion, the grading system is an essential factor in encouraging students to learn as grades provide an external stimulus for students to achieve, and they give students concrete evidence of their academic performance. 
To begin with, student achievement is encouraged by grades that play a role as an outside incentive. Frankly, many students are not particularly interested in certain subjects or classes, so they are not likely to be inspired to learn unless they are graded on their performance. In other words, students will often study to get a good grade even if they are not terribly fond of the subject they are required to learn. However, I wanted to get a good grade, so I studied hard. As I spent long hours learning about chemistry, I became interested in the subject and chose it as my major when I entered university.
On top of that, grades provide students with solid proof of their academic progress. Without grades, students would not be able to decide how well they are doing in particular subjects, making it impossible to know which areas of their education require more effort. For instance, research conducted by a professor at the University of Notre Dame clearly shows the importance of grades as a measurement of academic progress. She discovered that grades are something that teachers can do to communicate specific information about a student¡¯s performance. As a result, grades motivate students to be concentrate more on their subjects in which they are doing poorly. Without this method of tracking their progress, students would likely put the same amount of effort into all of their classes, regardless of their actual level of knowledge. 
To sum up, grades provide an external stimulus achievement and give students tangible clues about their academic development. In this regard, I maintain that it is good to award grades to students so that they are motivated to learn.
