Sample Essay 6-2 Question ? Do you agree or disagree with the statement? Children should use their time to play and study rather than to do household chores. Use specific reasons and examples to support your answer.
Some people think that children should spend their time playing and studying instead of doing housework. However, in my opinion, children should do house chores since this will help them grow responsible adults, and they will have stronger relationships with their parents.
To begin with, doing housework teachers children responsibility. They will learn the importance of contributing to the family, and realize that their actions affect others. This is illustrated by a recent study conducted by a researcher form the University of Minnesota. He followed the lives of a large number of people from childhood to adulthood. Those children who were made to do chores by their parents developed strong spit of independence responsibility than those who did not have to help with housework. Also the study showed a direct connection between learning to be responsible by doing chores in childhood and achieving success later in life as an adult.
On top of that, chores build healthy relationship between parents and children. Many household tasks require cooperation to complete, so family members often end up with housework together. As they work together, parents and children feel appreciation each other¡¯s efforts, and this makes them closely together. For instance, when we were young, my brother and I often helped my parents prepare for dinner by peeling and chopping vegetables, cleaning the dining area, and setting the table. When we finally ate the dinner, we knew that each member of the family had contributed to the meal. My parents appreciate the work that my brother and I had done, and vice versa. This feeling of cooperation made our family relationship stronger.
To sum up, when children have to help with housework, they become more responsible and build strong bond with their parents. In this regard, I hold that it is more important that children do tasks around the house than studying and playing all of the time.